Adds an option to enable sAMAccountname logins when upndomain is set (#29118)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/auth/ldap.mdx

#### Binding - user principal name (AD)

- `upndomain` (string, optional) - userPrincipalDomain used to construct the UPN string for the authenticating user. The constructed UPN will appear as `[username]@UPNDomain`. Example: `example.com`, which will cause vault to bind as `username@example.com`.

> - `enable_samaccountname_login` (bool, optional) - If true, Active Directory LDAP users can login using `sAMAccountName` in addition to the `userPrincipalName` attribute value when `upndomain` is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enable_samaccountname_login` `(bool: false)` - (Optional) Lets Active Directory
  LDAP users log in using `sAMAccountName` or `userPrincipalName` when the
  `upndomain` parameter is set.
```
